Hi.
This is Craig Golightly, and welcome to Deploying to Azure Kubernetes Service.
Let's go through the demo application on Azure.
We're going to open an account and show all of the
commands step by step for creating, updating,
and scaling your app on Kubernetes so you can go back and
follow along in your own Azure account.
We'll check out the Azure portal,
including the monitoring and billing information you can get there.
Finally,
we'll go through how to delete your cluster so you don't have any
leftover resources adding to your monthly bill.
To open and Azure account, go to azure.microsoft .com.
You can sign up with a Microsoft, Skype, or GitHub account.
If you don't have one,
you can create a Microsoft account as part of the sign-up process,
and you'll need a mobile phone number to receive a confirmation for that.
You'll also need to provide your name and address,
as well as credit card information to verify the account.
Let's switch to a web browser and create an Azure account.
Go to azure.microsoft .com, then select Start free.
If you already have one of the accounts,
you can sign in; otherwise select Create one,
and we'll go through creating an account.
We'll take care of email and robot verification,
then provide your name, email address, and phone number.
Note that it cannot be a VoIP phone number.
Enter the verification code once you receive that,
then finally enter the credit card information,
accept the terms, and you're ready to go.
Now that you have an account created, let's initialize the tooling.
First, you'll install the Azure CLI.
In the exercise files,
I've included a link to installation instructions
for different operating systems.
Note that the Azure CLI requires Python 3,
and if you're installing on a Linux machine,
the install script needs to call gcc, so be sure those are available.
Next,
you'll register some namespaces that are needed to
perform certain cluster actions.
Finally, you'll create a resource group,
which is used to organize and manage related
resources for your Kubernetes cluster.
Make sure you have a version of Python 3 installed.
I'm on a Linux system so I'm going to install using the installation script.
I'll accept the default configurations for where they want to put the files,
and now the installation is successful.
To double check,
I can run az -v and that will give me the information about this
version of the Azure CLI that's installed.
After the Azure CLI is installed,
you'll run the az login command to associate it with your account.
Next,
you'll want to register some namespaces that are needed to
create and monitor your Kubernetes cluster.
This is done with the az provider register command
followed by the --namespace flag.
At the time of recording,
there are three required namespaces that are not
configured automatically: Microsoft.Network,
Microsoft.Compute, and Microsoft.OperationsManagement.
Registering these first will save you from several error
messages that will otherwise show up several minutes into
the create cluster operation.
To create a resource group, you'll need to decide on a location.
To see the available locations, run az account list locations.
In general, you'll choose a location that is geographically closest to you.
The command to create a resource group is az group create.
You'll need to specify a name for the resource group and a location.
In this example, the resource group name is kube-demo and the location is westus.
When you run az login,
you'll need to go to a browser to finish the authentication process.
Copy the code shown, then enter it when prompted on the web page.
You'll be asked to select your account, then when you go back,
it should show that you have completed the login.
Next, we'll do the namespace assignments.
This is to avoid errors like this showing up several
minutes into the create cluster process.
We'll do Microsoft.Network and Microsoft.Compute.
With that information in place, I can now create the group. I'll call it kube-demo and have it in the westus location.